docs: add warning about athena usage with exporter (#32121)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/reference/backends.mdx

  are not supported in certain regions or environments or are only supported in GovCloud.
</Admonition>

> ## Athena (Preview)

Reviewer: Are we still marking features as in preview? CC @r0mant

Reviewer 2: For this specific one, it's OK, because we know it has a serious implementation limitation.

> <Details
>   title="Version warning"
>   opened={true}
>   min="14.0"
> >
>   Athena audit back-end is available starting from Teleport `14.0`.
> </Details>
> 
> <Admonition type="warning" title="Preview">
>   Athena audit back-end is currently in Preview.
> </Admonition>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Athena audit log back-end is available starting from Teleport v14.0, and is currently in preview.
```

There are a lot of boxes in a short span of content, which becomes pretty distracting. I've suggested condensing this content into regular body text.

<Notice type="danger">

> If you are using

Reviewer: Users may not be familiar with the `SearchEvents` API. I would use more general language, for example, referring to Teleport integrations that rely on audit events.

Does this apply to access request plugins?

Author: > Does this apply to access request plugins?

No.

> Users may not be familiar with the SearchEvents API.

I have added link to Search Events API.

> [Teleport-event-exporter](https://goteleport.com/docs/management/export-audit-events/fluentd/)
> or any other mechanism for polling of SearchEvents API, you should not use
> Athena audit back-end, because in Preview it can generate big costs.
> 
> New version of Teleport Event Exporter is under development to address that
> issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the [Teleport event handler](https://goteleport.com/docs/management/export-audit-events/fluentd/), you should not use
the Athena audit back-end, as the preview release of this back-end is especially resource intensive when polling the Teleport Auth Service for audit events.

A new version of the Teleport event handler is under development to address this
issue.
```
